Error_sentence: Therefore , the lack of creative qualified human resource seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .

Correct_sentence: Therefore , the lack of creative human resources seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .

Prediction: 
1. There is no reason why we would want to say "qualified human resource", since there is already a qualifier (creative) beforehand. We could just say "resource" if we wanted to emphasize how important creativity is; however, I think saying "human resource" makes things clearer because otherwise someone might assume that non-human resources were involved somehow.
2. A hyphen between "lack" and "of" is incorrect grammar.

Label: 1. The adjective "qualified" means having the necessary skills to perform a particular task, but it refers mainly to official or certified qualifications, such as tests. There is no test that would certify someone's creative thinking abilities, so "qualified" should be omitted. The sentence could also be reworded to "human resources with creative thinking abilities," but "creative human resources" expresses the same idea more concisely and with less potential for confusion.
2. The phrase "human resources" refers to a group of people who are able to do work. Because it refers to a group, it is only used in the plural in principle. 


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .

Correct_sentence: Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .

Prediction: 
1. There is no need to repeat "social networking platforms" after "these", since they both refer to the same thing.
2. Since this is a list of three things, all items must have commas before them.
3. A comma is needed between two independent clauses (two complete sentences).
4. An apostrophe is missing at the end of "hoaxes".
Erroneous sentence: For example , if your friend has been diagnosed with breast cancer , he/she might want to know whether his/her children could inherit the disease from him/her .
Correct sentence: For example , if your friend has been diagnosed with breast cancer , he/she might want to know whether his/her children could inherit the disease from him/her .
Explanations:
1. Pronoun case mismatch. He/she wants to know whether his/her children could inherit the disease from him/her.

Label: 1. "Police" is a collective noun, i.e. it is written as the singular "police", but refers to a group of people, therefore you need to remove the "s".


------------------------------


Error_sentence: With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .

Correct_sentence: With the frequent usage and reliance on social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .

Prediction: 
1. There is no comma after "usage" since it is part of the phrase "frequent usage."
2. It is incorrect to use "and" between two prepositions ("on social media"). Instead, put a comma before "and": "with the frequent usage and reliance on social media and the Internet."
3. Since "advance" modifies "society," it needs to be changed to "more advanced."
4. After "adapted," change "world" to "worlds:" "highly connected worlds."

Label: 1. Incorrect word. This is a phrasal verb, and needs to be completed with "on" to make "rely on".
2. "Social media" is an uncountable noun and therefore should not have an article.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological advancement .

Correct_sentence: Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to high-velocity technological advancement .

Prediction: 
1. There is a comma splice between two independent clauses without using a coordinating conjunction such as "and" or "but". A semicolon may be used instead if the writer wants to keep the original structure; otherwise, add a period after "further" and start a new sentence with "due to...".
2. Use singular verb forms when referring to something abstract like technology.

Label: 1. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to a specific advancement instead of the progress of technology in general.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: The more people using it over us , the more power they will have on us .

Correct_sentence: However , the more people use it on us , the more power they will have over us .

Prediction: 
1. There is no need for commas around "over us" since it is part of the same clause (i.e., one complete thought) as "The more people using it ."
2. It's better to write "on us" instead of "over us"

Label: 1. This sentence is being contrasted with what was said in the previous sentence, so you need to use "however" to indicate their relationship.
2. This sentence is not saying that more people are currently using it, it is a hypothetical statement, and you should therefore use the present tense, "use".
3. Incorrect preposition. Use "on" to indicate the thing (us) that you will perform the action (use) on.
4. If someone is in a position of power or authority, we think of them as being metaphorically above us, therefore if they wield/exert power from that position, then they would be wielding/exerting their power "over" us.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .

Correct_sentence: Though social media does create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .

Prediction: 
1. Social media creates relationships; there is no reason to add "only" here.
2. Only uses after words like though, despite, etc.

Label: 1. The subject here is "social media," which is collective and treated as singular, so the verb should be "does" for subject verb agreement.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .

Correct_sentence: As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of face-to-face human contact has decresed .

Prediction: 
1. There is no comma after "social media sites", since they are part of the appositive ("such social media sites").
2. Apostrophe misuse. Possessive apostrophes are used to indicate ownership; here, we want to talk about how many hours per day someone spends on social media sites, so don't use an apostrophe.
3. Wrong word choice. Instead of "decresed", write "decreased".
Erroneous sentence: Social media users have become accustomed to using abbreviated words like LOL(laugh out loud), BRB(be right back), TTYL(talk to you later), etc...
Correct sentence: Social media users have become accustomed to using abbreviated words like LOL(laugh out loud), BRB(be right back), TTYL(talk to you later), etc....
Explanations:
1. Missing period at the end of the sentence.
2. Correctly punctuate the ellipsis within the parenthetical statement.

Label: 1. The concept of "face-to-face human contact" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or types of face-to-face contact instead of the concept in general.
2. The noun "contact" can be either countable or uncountable, depending on its meaning. When it means the state in which people communicate with each other, it is uncountable. That is the meaning here, and uncountable nouns cannot be made plural, so it should be "contact" instead.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .

Correct_sentence: Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .

Prediction: 
1. The verb form used here is incorrect. In this case, it should be present tense (i.e., "claim"), not past tense ("claimed").

Label: 1. The past tense refers to actions or states that were completed in the past, while the present tense refers to actions or states that are currently ongoing or occur often. The past tense "claimed" implies that teenagers no longer say this, which is contradicted by the use of "today." Since it is referring to a current condition, it should be the present tense "claim" instead.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Human has their own rights and privacy .

Correct_sentence: Humans have their own rights and privacy .

Prediction: 
1. A human being is considered a collective group, so the word "human" takes a plural verb.

Label: 1. The sentence is discussing people in general, so "human" should be pluralised.
2. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "have" to go with "humans".


------------------------------


Error_sentence: This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .

Correct_sentence: This means both of his parents have gene A and they are both at high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are at high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .

Prediction: 
1. There is no need to use "both" before "of", since there is another word ("his") right before it.
2. Use "at" instead of "under" after "high risk".
3. Change "has" to "have" (plural).
4. Add missing period between paragraphs.
5. Remove unnecessary space between words.
6. Correct punctuation errors.

Label: 1. The subject here is "parents," which is plural. Because of subject-verb agreement, the appropriate verb form is "have."
2. While the phrase "under risk of" makes logical sense and would be understood, it is not used in English. It's typical to say "at risk of," because the preposition "at" can denote the idea of being in a particular state or condition, such as being exposed to risk.
3. While the phrase "under risk of" makes logical sense and would be understood, it is not used in English. It's typical to say "at risk of," because the preposition "at" can denote the idea of being in a particular state or condition, such as being exposed to risk.
4. This is a spelling error. The correct spelling is "running" because the final consonant is doubled when the verb ends with a vowel followed by a consonant.


------------------------------


