Error_sentence: Therefore , the lack of creative qualified human resource seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .

Correct_sentence: Therefore , the lack of creative human resources seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .

Prediction: Here are the explanations for each error:

Erroneous sentence: Therefore there is nothing to be shy for or be afraid of .
Correct sentence: Therefore there is nothing to be shy for or afraid of .
Errors:
1. Error: be, Correction:  
Explanations:
1. The first "be" in the sentence can be used for both "shy" and "afraid", you do not need to repeat it for "afraid".

Label: 1. The adjective "qualified" means having the necessary skills to perform a particular task, but it refers mainly to official or certified qualifications, such as tests. There is no test that would certify someone's creative thinking abilities, so "qualified" should be omitted. The sentence could also be reworded to "human resources with creative thinking abilities," but "creative human resources" expresses the same idea more concisely and with less potential for confusion.
2. The phrase "human resources" refers to a group of people who are able to do work. Because it refers to a group, it is only used in the plural in principle. 


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .

Correct_sentence: Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .

Prediction: Here are the explanations for each error:

Erroneous sentence: These social media makes people 's life much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
Correct sentence: These social media makes people 's lives much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
Errors:
1. Error: life, Correction: lives
Explanations:
1. The sentence mentions multiple people, so "life" should be pluralised, as there are multiple lives.

Erroneous sentence: Overall , I belive that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with relatives but he has no obligation to tell still .
Correct sentence: Overall , I believe that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with relatives but he has no obligation to tell still .
Errors:
1. Error: belive, Correction: believe
Explanations:
1. This is a spelling error. The correct spelling is "believe."

Erroneous sentence: When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use the social media to get contact with our friends .
Correct sentence: When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use social media to get in contact with our friends .
Errors:
1. Error: the, Correction:  
2.

Label: 1. "Police" is a collective noun, i.e. it is written as the singular "police", but refers to a group of people, therefore you need to remove the "s".


------------------------------


Error_sentence: With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .

Correct_sentence: With the frequent usage and reliance on social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .

Prediction: Here are the explanations for each error:

Erroneous sentence: Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .
Correct sentence: Though social media does create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .
Errors:
1. Error: do, Correction: does
Explanations:
1. The subject here is "social media," which is collective and treated as singular, so the verb should be "does" for subject verb agreement.

Erroneous sentence: With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a 'click ' and get to know about their life through having conversations with them , reading their blogs , photos and status .
Correct sentence: With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a 'click ' and get to know about their life through having conversations with them , reading their blogs , photos and statuses .
Errors:
1. Error: status, Correction: statuses
Explanations:
1. The list is talking about things in general, and so

Label: 1. Incorrect word. This is a phrasal verb, and needs to be completed with "on" to make "rely on".
2. "Social media" is an uncountable noun and therefore should not have an article.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological advancement .

Correct_sentence: Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to high-velocity technological advancement .

Prediction: Here are the explanations for each error:

Erroneous sentence: Hence , some seen it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential .

1. Error: in, Correction: 

Explanation: The phrase "keep confidential" is a common idiomatic expression that means to keep something secret. The preposition "in" is not necessary and makes the sentence sound awkward. The correct phrase is "keep confidential" without the preposition "in".

Erroneous sentence: Researches show that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .

1. Error: Researches, Correction: Research
2. Error: show, Correction: shows

Explanation 1: "Researches" is the third person singular verb form, as in "He/she researches social media use". Based on the context of this sentence, you are most likely talking about research as a noun, and it does not need to be pluralised as it is an uncountable noun, so just use "research".

Explanation 2: Incorrect conjugation. "Research" is treated as the third person singular, so use "shows" to correspond with it.

Erroneous sentence: In this case , interpersonal skill is not as

Label: 1. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to a specific advancement instead of the progress of technology in general.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: The more people using it over us , the more power they will have on us .

Correct_sentence: However , the more people use it on us , the more power they will have over us .

Prediction: Here are the explanations for each error in the erroneous sentence:

Erroneous sentence: More supports must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing of such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .

1. Error: supports, Correction: support
Explanation: In the context of care and aid from other people, the word "support" is an uncountable noun and is not pluralized. It generally refers to actions or gestures, which are not tangible and cannot be counted. The word "supports" is a verb form or a noun referring to the structural components of a building that allow it to withstand force.

Erroneous sentence: More support must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing of such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .

Erroneous sentence: Social media provides people a way of talking and chatting which can never be considered as a way of communication .

1. Error: , Correction: with
Explanation: Missing word. Use "with" to link "provides" and "a way of talking and chatting" so we know what is being provided by social media.

Erroneous sentence: And after all this scientific research result is applied to daily life , products such as RFID tracking system

Label: 1. This sentence is being contrasted with what was said in the previous sentence, so you need to use "however" to indicate their relationship.
2. This sentence is not saying that more people are currently using it, it is a hypothetical statement, and you should therefore use the present tense, "use".
3. Incorrect preposition. Use "on" to indicate the thing (us) that you will perform the action (use) on.
4. If someone is in a position of power or authority, we think of them as being metaphorically above us, therefore if they wield/exert power from that position, then they would be wielding/exerting their power "over" us.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .

Correct_sentence: Though social media does create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .

Prediction: Here are the explanations for each error:

Erroneous sentence: While we do know that we should not discriminate them based on their limitations , many people still do it with or without them realizing it .
Correct sentence: While we do know that we should not discriminate against them based on their limitations , many people still do it with or without them realizing it .
Errors:
1. Error: , Correction: against
Explanations:
1. The verb "discriminate" is always used together with "against" when describing treating someone differently or unfairly. The preposition "against" can convey the idea of opposition to the object, indicate who is harmed by an action, or mean that an action is unfavorable to someone. These meanings are consistent with the meaning of "discriminate."

Erroneous sentence: A family of four having dinners in a restaurant without any chatting , because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
Correct sentence: A family of four having dinner in a restaurant without any chatting , because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
Errors:
1. Error: dinners, Correction: dinner
Explanations:
1. The plural "din

Label: 1. The subject here is "social media," which is collective and treated as singular, so the verb should be "does" for subject verb agreement.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .

Correct_sentence: As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of face-to-face human contact has decresed .

Prediction: Here are the explanations for each error:

1. Error: a, Correction: 
Explanation: "Knowledge" is an uncountable and abstract noun, so it cannot be made singular or plural, thus it cannot be used with the indefinite article 'a'.

2. Error:  , Correction: with
Explanation: Missing word. Use "with" to link "provides" and "a way of talking and chatting" so we know what is being provided by social media.

3. Error: says, Correction: say
Explanation: The subject here is the plural "people," so for subject-verb agreement's sake, the verb form should be "say".

4. Error: the, Correction: 
Explanation: The concept of "social media" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to a specific social media site, instead of to such sites in general.

5. Error: emotinal, Correction: emotional
Explanation: This is a typo. The correct spelling is "emotional".

6. Error: with, Correction: to
Explanation: When referring to conversation, the phrases "talk with" and "talk to" are mostly interchangeable, so I'm not sure if I

Label: 1. The concept of "face-to-face human contact" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or types of face-to-face contact instead of the concept in general.
2. The noun "contact" can be either countable or uncountable, depending on its meaning. When it means the state in which people communicate with each other, it is uncountable. That is the meaning here, and uncountable nouns cannot be made plural, so it should be "contact" instead.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .

Correct_sentence: Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .

Prediction: Here are the explanations for each error in the erroneous sentence:

Erroneous sentence: Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lots of money for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be the burden in her family .

1. Error: the, Correction: a
Explanation: The definite article "the" refers to a specific thing, so "the burden" implies that every family has one specific burden. The phrase "a burden," with the indefinite article "a," implies that the carrier does not want to cause any burden to her family due to her condition. Therefore, it is more appropriate to say "a burden."

Erroneous sentence: In this case , interpersonal skill is not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that we are both interested in .

1. Error: skill, Correction: skills
Explanation: This sentence is talking about interpersonal skills in general, so "skill" should be pluralised.
2. Error: is, Correction: are
Explanation: Incorrect conjugation. "Interpersonal skills" is the third person plural, so use "are" to correspond with it.

Erroneous sentence: Therefore , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .

1. Error: ,

Label: 1. The past tense refers to actions or states that were completed in the past, while the present tense refers to actions or states that are currently ongoing or occur often. The past tense "claimed" implies that teenagers no longer say this, which is contradicted by the use of "today." Since it is referring to a current condition, it should be the present tense "claim" instead.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Human has their own rights and privacy .

Correct_sentence: Humans have their own rights and privacy .

Prediction: Here are the explanations for each error:

Erroneous sentence: This can protect the students from being in a dangerous situation in particularly for the small children who are studying in nursery .

Correct sentence: This can protect the students from being in a dangerous situation, particularly small children who are studying in nursery .

Errors:
1. Error: , Correction: ,
2. Error: in particularly for, Correction: particularly
3. Error: the, Correction:  

Explanations:
1. Add a comma to separate the clauses.
2. "In particularly for" does not make sense, it is correct here to use "particularly" on its own.
3. This sentence is talking about small children in general and therefore it does not need an article.

Erroneous sentence: Engineering design process can be defined as a process fused by fellow engineers in the aid of developing either an entirely new system or improvising on the current on to cater to desired deeds .

Correct sentence: The engineering design process can be defined as a process by fellow engineers in the aid of developing either an entirely new system or improvising on the current to cater to .

Errors:
1. Error: Engineering, Correction: The engineering
2. Error: fused, Correction:  
3. Error: on, Correction

Label: 1. The sentence is discussing people in general, so "human" should be pluralised.
2. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "have" to go with "humans".


------------------------------


Error_sentence: This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .

Correct_sentence: This means both of his parents have gene A and they are both at high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are at high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .

Prediction: Here are the explanations for each error:

1. Error: side, Correction: hand
The phrase "on the other side" is likely understandable, but is not really used in English. The sentence is much easier to understand with the common set phrase idiom "on the other hand."

2. Error: want, Correction: wants
The subject, "a person" is singular, and so for the sake of subject-verb agreement, the verb should be "wants," not "want."

3. Error: lesser, Correction: less
The adjective "lesser" means smaller in size and quality, while "less" is used to compare the quantity or degree of something. The subject here is "five percent," which is a number/quantity, so "lesser" should be changed to "less."

4. Error: the, Correction: (no correction needed)
China is a proper noun, and most proper nouns do not take the definite article "the." This is because the function of "the" is to indicate that a noun is one specific thing, which is unnecessary with proper nouns because they are specific by nature.

5. Error: a, Correction: the
The sentence is mentioning one specific decision, i.e., the correct one,

Label: 1. The subject here is "parents," which is plural. Because of subject-verb agreement, the appropriate verb form is "have."
2. While the phrase "under risk of" makes logical sense and would be understood, it is not used in English. It's typical to say "at risk of," because the preposition "at" can denote the idea of being in a particular state or condition, such as being exposed to risk.
3. While the phrase "under risk of" makes logical sense and would be understood, it is not used in English. It's typical to say "at risk of," because the preposition "at" can denote the idea of being in a particular state or condition, such as being exposed to risk.
4. This is a spelling error. The correct spelling is "running" because the final consonant is doubled when the verb ends with a vowel followed by a consonant.


------------------------------


