Error_sentence: Therefore , the lack of creative qualified human resource seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .

Correct_sentence: Therefore , the lack of creative human resources seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .

Prediction: 
1. The word “qualified” is misspelled as “qualified”.
2. The word “human” is missing from the phrase “creative human resource”.
3. The word “processes” is misspelled as “processes”.
4. The word “innovations” is misspelled as “innovations”.
5. The word “China” is misspelled as “China”.
6. The word “seriously” is misspelled as “seriously”.
7. The word “hampers” is misspelled as “hampers”.
8. The word “engineering” is misspelled as “engineering”.
9. The word “design” is misspelled as “design”.
10. The word “for” is misspelled as “for”.
11. The word “innovations” is misspelled as “innovations”.
12. The word “in” is misspelled as “in”.
13. The word “China” is misspelled as “China”.
14. The word “seriously” is misspelled as “seriously”.
15. The word “hampers” is misspelled as “hampers”.
16. The word “the” is misspelled as “the”.
17. The word “lack” is misspelled as “lack”.
18. The word “of” is misspelled as “of”.
19. The word “creative” is misspelled as “creative”.
20. The word “resource” is misspelled as “resource”.
21. The word “therefore” is misspelled as “therefore”.
22. The word “sentence” is misspelled as “sentence”.
23. The word “erroneous” is misspelled as “erroneous”.
24. The word “input” is misspelled as “input”.
25. The word “correction” is misspelled as “correction”.
26. The word “output” is misspelled as “output”.
27. The word “simple” is misspelled as “simple”.
28. The word “explanation” is misspelled

Label: 1. The adjective "qualified" means having the necessary skills to perform a particular task, but it refers mainly to official or certified qualifications, such as tests. There is no test that would certify someone's creative thinking abilities, so "qualified" should be omitted. The sentence could also be reworded to "human resources with creative thinking abilities," but "creative human resources" expresses the same idea more concisely and with less potential for confusion.
2. The phrase "human resources" refers to a group of people who are able to do work. Because it refers to a group, it is only used in the plural in principle. 


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .

Correct_sentence: Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .

Prediction: 
1. There is no comma after “there” because it is not followed by a dependent clause.
2. The word “cyber” should be capitalized as it is part of a proper noun.
3. The word “police” should be spelled correctly, with two “l”s.
4. The word “hoaxes” should be singular, since only one type of hoax is being referred to.
5. The word “spreading” should be hyphenated when used as a compound adjective before a noun.
6. The word “around” should be preceded by a preposition such as “in” or “on”.
7. The word “platforms” should be plural, since more than one social networking platform is being referred to.

Label: 1. "Police" is a collective noun, i.e. it is written as the singular "police", but refers to a group of people, therefore you need to remove the "s".


------------------------------


Error_sentence: With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .

Correct_sentence: With the frequent usage and reliance on social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .

Prediction: 
1. The word “usage” is misspelled as “usag”.
2. The word “reliance” is misspelled as “relaince”.
3. The word “society” is misspelled as “societe”.
4. The word “advance” is misspelled as “advanse”.
5. The word “connected” is misspelled as “conected”.
6. The word “highly” is misspelled as “higly”.
7. The word “world” is misspelled as “wold”.
8. The word “will” is misspelled as “wil”.
9. The word “be” is misspelled as “eb”.
10. The word “more” is misspelled as “moe”.
11. The word “that” is misspelled as “thate”.
12. The word “socialise” is misspelled as “sociaslise”.
13. The word “cyber” is misspelled as “cuber”.
14. The word “will” is misspelled as “wil”.

Label: 1. Incorrect word. This is a phrasal verb, and needs to be completed with "on" to make "rely on".
2. "Social media" is an uncountable noun and therefore should not have an article.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological advancement .

Correct_sentence: Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to high-velocity technological advancement .

Prediction: 
1. The word “further” is used incorrectly here. It should be replaced by “farther”.
2. There is no need of comma after “field”.
3. The word “technological” is misspelled. It should be corrected as “technological”.
4. A hyphen must be added between “high” and “velocity”.
5. The last two words, “advancement” and “due”, do not form a complete sentence. They should be removed.

Label: 1. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to a specific advancement instead of the progress of technology in general.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: The more people using it over us , the more power they will have on us .

Correct_sentence: However , the more people use it on us , the more power they will have over us .

Prediction: 
1.The word “it” is used incorrectly as there is no noun to which this pronoun can refer. It should be replaced by “them”.
2.The preposition “over” is misplaced. It should be placed at the end of the second part of the sentence.
3.The verb “use” is misspelled. It should be spelled correctly as “use”.
4.The conjunction “and” is redundant. It should be removed from the sentence.
5.The phrase “on us” is not grammatically correct. It should be replaced by “on them”.

Label: 1. This sentence is being contrasted with what was said in the previous sentence, so you need to use "however" to indicate their relationship.
2. This sentence is not saying that more people are currently using it, it is a hypothetical statement, and you should therefore use the present tense, "use".
3. Incorrect preposition. Use "on" to indicate the thing (us) that you will perform the action (use) on.
4. If someone is in a position of power or authority, we think of them as being metaphorically above us, therefore if they wield/exert power from that position, then they would be wielding/exerting their power "over" us.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .

Correct_sentence: Though social media does create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .

Prediction: 
1. The first word of the second sentence is “does” instead of “do”. This is because we use third person singular present tense when talking about something that happens all the time, not just once. In this case, it would be better to say “Though social media does create relationships…” rather than “Though social media do create relationships….”
2. The second word of the second sentence is “relationships” instead of “relationship”. This is because we use plural nouns when talking about more than one thing. In this case, it would be better to say “Though social media does create relationships…” rather than “Though social media does create relationship….”
3. The third word of the second sentence is “and” instead of “or”. This is because we use conjunctions (words like “and”, “or”, “but”) to join two or more ideas together. In this case, it would be better to say “Though social media does create relationships AND friendships…” rather than “Though social media does create relationships OR friendships….”
4. The fourth word of the second sentence is “only” instead of “just”. This is because we use adverbs (words like “always”, “often”, “never”) to describe how often something happens. In this case, it would be better to say “Though social media does create relationships ONLY if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction…” rather than “Though social media does create relationships JUST if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction….”
5. The fifth word of the second sentence is “firm” instead of “strong”. This is because we use adjectives (words like “big”, “small”, “tall”) to describe what something is like. In this case, it would be better to say “Though social media does create relationships ONLY IF PEOPLE HAVE GONE THROUGH EXPERIENCES AND COMMUNICATION IN FACE-TO-FACE INTERACTION…” rather than “Though social media does create relationships ONLY IF PEOPLE HAVE GONE THROUGH EXPERIENCES AND COMMUNICATION IN STRONG INTERACTION…

Label: 1. The subject here is "social media," which is collective and treated as singular, so the verb should be "does" for subject verb agreement.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .

Correct_sentence: As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of face-to-face human contact has decresed .

Prediction: 
1. The word “such” is not required before “social media sites”.
2. There should be a hyphen between “human” and “contact”.
3. The verb form used after “has decreased” should be past participle, i.e., “decreased”.
4. A comma must be inserted after “sites”.
5. In the corrected sentence, there is no need to use capital letter at the beginning of the second sentence.

Label: 1. The concept of "face-to-face human contact" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or types of face-to-face contact instead of the concept in general.
2. The noun "contact" can be either countable or uncountable, depending on its meaning. When it means the state in which people communicate with each other, it is uncountable. That is the meaning here, and uncountable nouns cannot be made plural, so it should be "contact" instead.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .

Correct_sentence: Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .

Prediction: 
1. The verb is incorrectly conjugated, it should be “claim” instead of “claimed”.
2. There is a comma splice between two independent clauses. It should be replaced by a semicolon (;) or a period (.) followed by a new sentence.

Label: 1. The past tense refers to actions or states that were completed in the past, while the present tense refers to actions or states that are currently ongoing or occur often. The past tense "claimed" implies that teenagers no longer say this, which is contradicted by the use of "today." Since it is referring to a current condition, it should be the present tense "claim" instead.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Human has their own rights and privacy .

Correct_sentence: Humans have their own rights and privacy .

Prediction: 
1. The word “their” is used to refer to something that belongs to more than one person or thing. In this case, it should be replaced with “they”.
2. The verb “has” needs to be changed to “have”, as it is being used in the present tense.
3. The apostrophe after “rights” indicates possession, but there is no possessive noun before it. It should be removed.
4. The comma after “Humans” is not needed, as it is followed by a conjunction (“and”).
5. The period at the end of the sentence is incorrectly placed. It should be moved to the end of the corrected sentence.
6. The spelling of “privacy” is incorrect. It should be written as “privacy”.

Label: 1. The sentence is discussing people in general, so "human" should be pluralised.
2. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "have" to go with "humans".


------------------------------


Error_sentence: This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .

Correct_sentence: This means both of his parents have gene A and they are both at high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are at high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .

Prediction: 
1. Both -> At (both is plural, but it should be singular)
2. Has -> Have (has is 3rd person singular, but it should be plural)
3. High risk -> At high risk (high risk is adjective phrase, but it should be noun phrase)
4. Running -> Run (running is gerund, but it should be infinitive)
5. To see -> See (to see is infinitive, but it should be gerund)
6. Whether -> If (whether is conditional conjunction, but it should be subordinating conjunction)
7. Under -> At (under is preposition, but it should be determiner)
8. Disease -> Disease C (disease is common noun, but it should be proper noun)

Label: 1. The subject here is "parents," which is plural. Because of subject-verb agreement, the appropriate verb form is "have."
2. While the phrase "under risk of" makes logical sense and would be understood, it is not used in English. It's typical to say "at risk of," because the preposition "at" can denote the idea of being in a particular state or condition, such as being exposed to risk.
3. While the phrase "under risk of" makes logical sense and would be understood, it is not used in English. It's typical to say "at risk of," because the preposition "at" can denote the idea of being in a particular state or condition, such as being exposed to risk.
4. This is a spelling error. The correct spelling is "running" because the final consonant is doubled when the verb ends with a vowel followed by a consonant.


------------------------------


