Error_sentence: Therefore , the lack of creative qualified human resource seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .

Correct_sentence: Therefore , the lack of creative human resources seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .

Prediction: 
1. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "qualified" should be removed.
2. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
3. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
4. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
5. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
6. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
7. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
8. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
9. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
10. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
11. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
12. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
13. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
14. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
15. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
16. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
17. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
18. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
19. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
20. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
21. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources" should be pluralised.
22. This sentence is talking about human resources in general, so "human resources

Label: 1. The adjective "qualified" means having the necessary skills to perform a particular task, but it refers mainly to official or certified qualifications, such as tests. There is no test that would certify someone's creative thinking abilities, so "qualified" should be omitted. The sentence could also be reworded to "human resources with creative thinking abilities," but "creative human resources" expresses the same idea more concisely and with less potential for confusion.
2. The phrase "human resources" refers to a group of people who are able to do work. Because it refers to a group, it is only used in the plural in principle. 


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .

Correct_sentence: Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .

Prediction: 
1. This is a spelling error. The correct spelling is "police."
2. This is a spelling error. The correct spelling is "police."
3. The concept of "social media" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific social media sites, instead of such sites in general. Generally, the article "the" is used to indicate one specific thing out of many similar things, while the indefinite article "a/an" or no article at all is used to indicate one unspecified thing out of many similar things. Since this sentence is talking about social media sites in general, it should not have an article.
4. The concept of "cyber crime" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific cyber crimes, instead of such crimes in general. Generally, the article "the" is used to indicate one specific thing out of many similar things, while the indefinite article "a/an" or no article at all is used to indicate one unspecified thing out of many similar things. Since this sentence is talking about cyber crimes in general, it should not have an article.
5. The concept of "hoaxes" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific hoaxes, instead of such hoaxes in general. Generally, the article "the" is used to indicate one specific thing out of many similar things, while the indefinite article "a/an" or no article at all is used to indicate one unspecified thing out of many similar things. Since this sentence is talking about hoaxes in general, it should not have an article.
6. The concept of "fake news" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific fake news, instead of such news in general. Generally, the article "the" is used to indicate one specific thing out of many similar things, while the indefinite article "a/an" or no article at all is used to indicate one unspecified thing out of many similar things. Since this sentence is talking about fake news in general, it should not have an

Label: 1. "Police" is a collective noun, i.e. it is written as the singular "police", but refers to a group of people, therefore you need to remove the "s".


------------------------------


Error_sentence: With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .

Correct_sentence: With the frequent usage and reliance on social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .

Prediction: 
1. The concept of "social media" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific social media sites, instead of such sites in general.
2. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "on".
3. The concept of "the Internet" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific parts of the Internet, instead of the Internet as a whole.
4. The concept of "the Internet" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific parts of the Internet, instead of the Internet as a whole.
5. The concept of "the Internet" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific parts of the Internet, instead of the Internet as a whole.
6. The concept of "the Internet" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific parts of the Internet, instead of the Internet as a whole.
7. The concept of "the Internet" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific parts of the Internet, instead of the Internet as a whole.
8. The concept of "the Internet" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific parts of the Internet, instead of the Internet as a whole.
9. The concept of "the Internet" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific parts of the Internet, instead of the Internet as a whole.
10. The concept of "the Internet" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific parts of the Internet, instead of the Internet as a whole.
11. The concept of "the Internet" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific parts of the Internet, instead of the Internet as a whole.
12. The concept

Label: 1. Incorrect word. This is a phrasal verb, and needs to be completed with "on" to make "rely on".
2. "Social media" is an uncountable noun and therefore should not have an article.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological advancement .

Correct_sentence: Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to high-velocity technological advancement .

Prediction: 
1. The concept of "high-velocity technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or examples of this concept, instead of as a concept in general. Therefore, it should not have an article here.
2. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or examples of this concept, instead of as a concept in general. Therefore, it should not have an article here.
3. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or examples of this concept, instead of as a concept in general. Therefore, it should not have an article here.
4. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or examples of this concept, instead of as a concept in general. Therefore, it should not have an article here.
5. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or examples of this concept, instead of as a concept in general. Therefore, it should not have an article here.
6. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or examples of this concept, instead of as a concept in general. Therefore, it should not have an article here.
7. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or examples of this concept, instead of as a concept in general. Therefore, it should not have an article here.
8. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or examples of this concept, instead of as a concept in general. Therefore, it should not have an article here.
9. The concept

Label: 1. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to a specific advancement instead of the progress of technology in general.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: The more people using it over us , the more power they will have on us .

Correct_sentence: However , the more people use it on us , the more power they will have over us .

Prediction: 
1. Incorrect word choice. Use "however" instead.
2. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "use" to go with "people".
3. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "over".
4. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "have" to go with "people".
5. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "power".
6. Incorrect preposition. To indicate who has power over whom, you should say "the more power they will have over us".
7. Missing comma. Use a comma to separate the two clauses.
8. Incorrect verb form. Use the past tense "had" to go with "will".
9. Missing article. Use the indefinite article "a" to refer to one unspecified thing.
10. Missing article. Use the indefinite article "a" to refer to one unspecified thing.
11. Missing article. Use the indefinite article "a" to refer to one unspecified thing.
12. Missing article. Use the indefinite article "a" to refer to one unspecified thing.
13. Missing article. Use the indefinite article "a" to refer to one unspecified thing.
14. Missing article. Use the indefinite article "a" to refer to one unspecified thing.
15. Missing article. Use the indefinite article "a" to refer to one unspecified thing.
16. Missing article. Use the indefinite article "a" to refer to one unspecified thing.
17. Missing article. Use the indefinite article "a" to refer to one unspecified thing.
18. Missing article. Use the indefinite article "a" to refer to one unspecified thing.

Label: 1. This sentence is being contrasted with what was said in the previous sentence, so you need to use "however" to indicate their relationship.
2. This sentence is not saying that more people are currently using it, it is a hypothetical statement, and you should therefore use the present tense, "use".
3. Incorrect preposition. Use "on" to indicate the thing (us) that you will perform the action (use) on.
4. If someone is in a position of power or authority, we think of them as being metaphorically above us, therefore if they wield/exert power from that position, then they would be wielding/exerting their power "over" us.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .

Correct_sentence: Though social media does create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .

Prediction: 
1. The subject here is "social media," which is singular, so for subject-verb agreement's sake, the verb should be changed to "does" instead of "do."
2. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "communication."
3. Missing article. Use "an" to indicate one option among multiple options.
4. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "relationships."
5. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "firm."
6. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "real."
7. Missing article. Use "an" to indicate one option among multiple options.
8. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "experiences."
9. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "communication."
10. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "interaction."
11. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "face-to-face."
12. Missing article. Use "an" to indicate one option among multiple options.
13. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Facebook."
14. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Twitter."
15. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Instagram."
16. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Snapchat."
17. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "WhatsApp."
18. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Skype."
19. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "WeChat."
20. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "QQ."
21. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Line."
22. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Viber."
23. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Kik."
24. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Telegram."
25. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Tumblr."
26. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Reddit."
27. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Pinterest."


Label: 1. The subject here is "social media," which is collective and treated as singular, so the verb should be "does" for subject verb agreement.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .

Correct_sentence: As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of face-to-face human contact has decresed .

Prediction: 
1. The concept of "human contact" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances, with "a human contact" or "the human contact."
2. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "contact."
3. When referencing something that happened in the past, the past tense "decreased" should be used because it refers to actions or states that were completed in the past. The present tense "decreases" is used to talk about something that is happening now or will happen in the future.
4. The concept of "social media sites" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances, with "a social media site" or "the social media site."
5. The concept of "time" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances, with "a time" or "the time."
6. The concept of "people" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances, with "a person" or "the person."
7. The concept of "such things" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances, with "a thing" or "the thing."
8. The concept of "sites" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances, with "a site" or "the site."
9. The concept of "site" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances, with "a site" or "the site."
10. The concept of "media" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances, with "a media" or "the media."
11. The concept of "things" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances, with "a thing" or

Label: 1. The concept of "face-to-face human contact" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or types of face-to-face contact instead of the concept in general.
2. The noun "contact" can be either countable or uncountable, depending on its meaning. When it means the state in which people communicate with each other, it is uncountable. That is the meaning here, and uncountable nouns cannot be made plural, so it should be "contact" instead.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .

Correct_sentence: Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .

Prediction: 
1. The present tense refers to actions or states that are currently ongoing or occur often, while the past tense refers to actions or states that were completed in the past. This sentence is talking about what teenagers do now, so use the present tense, "claim."
2. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "claim" to go with "teenagers."
3. None 
4. Unnecessary comma. Remove it.
5. Missing article. Use the definite article, "Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location."
Unnecessary comma. Remove it.
Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "claim" to go with "teenagers."
Missing article. Use the definite article, "Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location."
Unnecessary comma. Remove it.
Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "claim" to go with "teenagers."
Missing article. Use the definite article, "Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location."
Unnecessary comma. Remove it.
Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "claim" to go with "teenagers."
Missing article. Use the definite article, "Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location."
Unnecessary comma. Remove it.
Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "claim" to go with "teenagers."
Missing article. Use the definite article, "Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location."

Label: 1. The past tense refers to actions or states that were completed in the past, while the present tense refers to actions or states that are currently ongoing or occur often. The past tense "claimed" implies that teenagers no longer say this, which is contradicted by the use of "today." Since it is referring to a current condition, it should be the present tense "claim" instead.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Human has their own rights and privacy .

Correct_sentence: Humans have their own rights and privacy .

Prediction: 
1. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "have" to go with "humans".
2. This statement is generally accepted to be true, and therefore doesn't need to be proven with evidence. The phrase "in my opinion" would only be used if you were expressing an unpopular or counter-intuitive point of view that others might not agree with. As such, it should be removed.
3. Missing article. If you are talking about humans in general, use the definite article, "the".
Humans have their own rights and privacy. However, some people may choose to share certain aspects of their lives on social media sites like Facebook because they want to connect with friends and family members who live far away from them. On the other hand, there are also people who prefer to keep their personal life private and do not wish to disclose any information about themselves online. Therefore, I personally believe that whether one chooses to reveal his/her personal life depends on individual preferences. It is up to him/her to decide how much he/she wants to expose himself/herself as well as what parts of his/her life he/she wishes to make public. After all, everyone has different levels of comfort when it comes to self-disclosure. Some people feel comfortable sharing every aspect of their lives while others find it difficult to open up even to those closest to them. For this reason, we should respect another person's right to privacy and refrain from pressuring him/her to divulge more information than he/she is willing to provide. Ultimately, no one else has the right to invade someone else's privacy without his/her consent except under very specific circumstances (e.g., law enforcement officers investigating a crime). Otherwise, doing so can lead to serious legal repercussions including fines and jail time depending on the severity of the breach. Furthermore, violating someone's privacy can cause emotional distress and damage relationships between individuals. Consequently, protecting one's privacy is extremely important especially in today's world where technology allows us to access vast amounts of information at our fingertips. With just a few keystrokes, anyone can potentially gain access to sensitive data belonging to celebrities, politicians, and ordinary citizens alike. Given these risks, it is imperative that we take steps to safeguard our digital identities by using strong passwords

Label: 1. The sentence is discussing people in general, so "human" should be pluralised.
2. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "have" to go with "humans".


------------------------------


Error_sentence: This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .

Correct_sentence: This means both of his parents have gene A and they are both at high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are at high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .

Prediction: 
1. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "have" to go with "his parents".
2. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "risk".
3. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "are" to go with "they".
4. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "risk".
5. Unnecessary word. "Running" is not used as a gerund, so it should be changed to the infinitive "run".
6. Missing article. As you are talking about one specific test, use the definite article "the".
7. None
8. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person singular "knows" to go with "he".
9. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "gene".
10. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "Aa".
11. Missing article. As you are talking about one specific test, use the definite article "the".
12. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "test".
13. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "genes".
14. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "has".
15. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "disease".
16. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "tests".
17. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "at".
18. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "risk".
19. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "high".
20. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "risk".
21. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "risks".
22. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "of".
23. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "having".
24. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "running".
25. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "two".
26. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "separate".
27. Incorrect spelling. The correct spelling is "whether".
28. Incorrect sp

Label: 1. The subject here is "parents," which is plural. Because of subject-verb agreement, the appropriate verb form is "have."
2. While the phrase "under risk of" makes logical sense and would be understood, it is not used in English. It's typical to say "at risk of," because the preposition "at" can denote the idea of being in a particular state or condition, such as being exposed to risk.
3. While the phrase "under risk of" makes logical sense and would be understood, it is not used in English. It's typical to say "at risk of," because the preposition "at" can denote the idea of being in a particular state or condition, such as being exposed to risk.
4. This is a spelling error. The correct spelling is "running" because the final consonant is doubled when the verb ends with a vowel followed by a consonant.


------------------------------


