Error_sentence: Therefore , the lack of creative qualified human resource seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .

Correct_sentence: Therefore , the lack of creative human resources seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .

Prediction: 
(1) The word “qualified” is misspelled as “qualified”.
(2) The phrase “human resource” is misspelled as “human resource”.
(3) The preposition “in” should be replaced with “for”.
(4) The verb “hampers” should be replaced with “seriously hampers”.
(5) The adjective “creative” should be replaced with “creative”.

Label: 1. The adjective "qualified" means having the necessary skills to perform a particular task, but it refers mainly to official or certified qualifications, such as tests. There is no test that would certify someone's creative thinking abilities, so "qualified" should be omitted. The sentence could also be reworded to "human resources with creative thinking abilities," but "creative human resources" expresses the same idea more concisely and with less potential for confusion.
2. The phrase "human resources" refers to a group of people who are able to do work. Because it refers to a group, it is only used in the plural in principle. 


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .

Correct_sentence: Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .

Prediction: 
1. The word “cyber” should be spelled as “cyber”.
2. The word “police” should be spelled as “police”.
3. The word “platforms” should be spelled as “platforms”.
4. The word “hoaxes” should be spelled as “hoaxes”.
5. The word “around” should be spelled as “around”.

Label: 1. "Police" is a collective noun, i.e. it is written as the singular "police", but refers to a group of people, therefore you need to remove the "s".


------------------------------


Error_sentence: With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .

Correct_sentence: With the frequent usage and reliance on social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .

Prediction: 
1. The word "usage" is misspelled as "uage".
2. The word "reliance" is misspelled as "relaince".
3. The word "society" is misspelled as "socitey".
4. The word "advance" is misspelled as "advanse".
5. The word "highly" is misspelled as "higly".
6. The word "connected" is misspelled as "conected".
7. The word "will" is misspelled as "wil".
8. The word "through" is misspelled as "thorugh".
9. The word "cyber" is misspelled as "caber".
10. The word "world" is misspelled as "word".

Label: 1. Incorrect word. This is a phrasal verb, and needs to be completed with "on" to make "rely on".
2. "Social media" is an uncountable noun and therefore should not have an article.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological advancement .

Correct_sentence: Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to high-velocity technological advancement .

Prediction: 
1. A comma is missing before “due to”.
2. The word “high-velocity” should be hyphenated as “high-velocity”.
3. An extra space is present between “further” and “and”.
4. Incorrect spelling of “advancement”. It should be “advancements”.
5. Missing period at the end of the sentence.

Label: 1. The concept of "technological advancement" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to a specific advancement instead of the progress of technology in general.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: The more people using it over us , the more power they will have on us .

Correct_sentence: However , the more people use it on us , the more power they will have over us .

Prediction: 
1. "The more people using it over us" should be replaced by "However , the more people use it on us".
2. "the more power they will have on us" should be replaced by "the more power they will have over us".
3. "over us" should be replaced by "on us".
4. "it" should be replaced by "it".
5. "us" should be replaced by "us".

Label: 1. This sentence is being contrasted with what was said in the previous sentence, so you need to use "however" to indicate their relationship.
2. This sentence is not saying that more people are currently using it, it is a hypothetical statement, and you should therefore use the present tense, "use".
3. Incorrect preposition. Use "on" to indicate the thing (us) that you will perform the action (use) on.
4. If someone is in a position of power or authority, we think of them as being metaphorically above us, therefore if they wield/exert power from that position, then they would be wielding/exerting their power "over" us.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .

Correct_sentence: Though social media does create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .

Prediction: 
1. The word “do” should be changed to “does”.
2. The word “create” should be changed to “creates”.
3. The word “relationships” should be changed to “relationship”.
4. The word “if” should be changed to “when”.
5. The word “people” should be changed to “person”.
6. The word “have” should be changed to “has”.
7. The word “and” should be changed to “or”.
8. The word “communication” should be changed to “conversation”.
9. The word “in” should be changed to “during”.
10. The word “interaction” should be changed to “meeting”.

Label: 1. The subject here is "social media," which is collective and treated as singular, so the verb should be "does" for subject verb agreement.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .

Correct_sentence: As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of face-to-face human contact has decresed .

Prediction: 
1. Decreased is misspelled as decresed.
2. Face-to-face should be hyphenated, i.e., face-to-face.
3. Apostrophe (‘) is missing before ‘s’.
4. The preposition ‘of’ needs to be replaced by ‘for’.
5. There is no comma after ‘time’.

Label: 1. The concept of "face-to-face human contact" is a general concept and can be assumed to be understood by the reader. It takes the definite article only when referring to specific instances or types of face-to-face contact instead of the concept in general.
2. The noun "contact" can be either countable or uncountable, depending on its meaning. When it means the state in which people communicate with each other, it is uncountable. That is the meaning here, and uncountable nouns cannot be made plural, so it should be "contact" instead.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .

Correct_sentence: Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .

Prediction: 
1. “Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location” is grammatically incorrect because it contains a comma splice. A comma splice occurs when two independent clauses are joined by a comma instead of a coordinating conjunction (and, but, or, nor, so, for, yet) or a semicolon. The correct way to write this sentence would be as follows: “Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location.”
2. “Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location” is grammatically incorrect because it contains a dangling modifier. A dangling modifier is a phrase or clause that modifies a noun or pronoun that is not explicitly stated in the sentence. In this case, the phrase “regardless of their location” does not clearly modify either “teenagers” or “friends”. The correct way to write this sentence would be as follows: “Regardless of their location, many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media.”
3. “Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location” is grammatically incorrect because it contains a run-on sentence. A run-on sentence is a sentence that contains two or more independent clauses that are not properly joined together. The correct way to write this sentence would be as follows: “Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media; regardless of their location.”
4. “Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location” is grammatically incorrect because it contains a misplaced modifier. A misplaced modifier is a phrase or clause that is used to modify a noun or pronoun that is not explicitly stated in the sentence. In this case, the phrase “through social media” does not clearly modify either “teenagers” or “friends”. The correct way to write this sentence would be as follows: “Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with

Label: 1. The past tense refers to actions or states that were completed in the past, while the present tense refers to actions or states that are currently ongoing or occur often. The past tense "claimed" implies that teenagers no longer say this, which is contradicted by the use of "today." Since it is referring to a current condition, it should be the present tense "claim" instead.


------------------------------


Error_sentence: Human has their own rights and privacy .

Correct_sentence: Humans have their own rights and privacy .

Prediction: 
1. The word “their” should be changed to “humans”.
2. The word “own” should be changed to “own”.
3. The word “rights” should be changed to “rights”.
4. The word “and” should be changed to “and”.
5. The word “privacy” should be changed to “privacy”.
6. The word “sentence” should be changed to “sentence”.
7. The word “correction” should be changed to “correction”.
8. The word “output” should be changed to “output”.
9. The word “simple” should be changed to “simple”.
10. The word “explanation” should be changed to “explanation”.
11. The word “for” should be changed to “for”.
12. The word “each” should be changed to “each”.
13. The word “error” should be changed to “error”.
14. The word “in” should be changed to “in”.
15. The word “erroneous” should be changed to “erroneous”.

Label: 1. The sentence is discussing people in general, so "human" should be pluralised.
2. Incorrect conjugation. Use the third person plural "have" to go with "humans".


------------------------------


Error_sentence: This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .

Correct_sentence: This means both of his parents have gene A and they are both at high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are at high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .

Prediction: 
1. "has" should be changed to "have".
2. "high risk" should be changed to "at high risk".
3. "runing" should be changed to "running".
4. "separate" should be changed to "two separate".
5. "having" should be changed to "of having".

Label: 1. The subject here is "parents," which is plural. Because of subject-verb agreement, the appropriate verb form is "have."
2. While the phrase "under risk of" makes logical sense and would be understood, it is not used in English. It's typical to say "at risk of," because the preposition "at" can denote the idea of being in a particular state or condition, such as being exposed to risk.
3. While the phrase "under risk of" makes logical sense and would be understood, it is not used in English. It's typical to say "at risk of," because the preposition "at" can denote the idea of being in a particular state or condition, such as being exposed to risk.
4. This is a spelling error. The correct spelling is "running" because the final consonant is doubled when the verb ends with a vowel followed by a consonant.


------------------------------


